this is another Infinity Blade 2 gold
calm video and I'm going to show you how
to defeat the hunter in this guy cages
update by using 3 600 on block-damage
opponent jams the those are purple gems
the down triangle purple gems and you
can craft a non block 600 by crafting 3
on parry damage opponent and if you have
a Pinto infinity blade to cool calm you
should check it out
now if you let this guy go free twice in
a row um it creates a glitch where you
have to start all over so generally I
kill them but since I don't have his
weapon and I need it I'm gonna go ahead
and set him free on this one it's like a
choose your own adventure book merci I
look like a stormtroopers I was wrong
I'm from England okay I'll let you go I
just want one favor you know that big
huge gigantic actually your family made
I want you to bring that to me anyway
after the next rebirth he brings you
torrents legacy it was really big huge
burly looking heavy weapon they should
have made that weapon like really
powerful
he does give you a little bit of money
for letting them go not that I needed 50
million Oh if you wanted to know how to
get infinite gold without a jailbreak
hack or been file replacement go to
infinity blade to gold calm and by the
video it's super easy and you will death